John 3:16|For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
Proverbs 3:5-6|Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths.
Psalm 23:1|The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want.
Genesis 1:1|In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Exodus 14:14|The Lord shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace.
Leviticus 19:18|Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself: I am the Lord.
Numbers 6:24-26|The Lord bless thee, and keep thee: The Lord make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee: The Lord lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.
Deuteronomy 31:6|Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the Lord thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
Joshua 1:9|Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
Judges 6:12|The Lord is with thee, thou mighty man of valor.
Ruth 1:16|Whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God.
1 Samuel 16:7|Man looketh on the outward appearance, but the Lord looketh on the heart.
2 Samuel 22:31|As for God, his way is perfect; the word of the Lord is tried: he is a buckler to all them that trust in him.
1 Kings 8:61|Let your heart therefore be perfect with the Lord our God, to walk in his statutes, and to keep his commandments.
2 Kings 20:5|Thus saith the Lord, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee.
1 Chronicles 16:11|Seek the Lord and his strength, seek his face continually.
2 Chronicles 7:14|If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
Ezra 10:4|Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of good courage, and do it.
Nehemiah 8:10|The joy of the Lord is your strength.
Esther 4:14|Who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?
Job 19:25|For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth.
Psalm 23:1|The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Psalm 46:1|God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalm 119:105|Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
Proverbs 3:5-6|Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Ecclesiastes 3:1|To everything there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven.
Isaiah 40:31|But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
Isaiah 41:10|Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.
Jeremiah 29:11|For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
Lamentations 3:22-23|It is of the Lord’s mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not. They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness.
Ezekiel 36:26|A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you.
Daniel 3:17|Our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace.
Hosea 6:6|For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.
Joel 2:25|And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten.
Amos 5:24|But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream.
Jonah 2:2|I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the Lord, and he heard me.
Micah 6:8|What doth the Lord require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?
Nahum 1:7|The Lord is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.
Habakkuk 2:3|The vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie.
Zephaniah 3:17|The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save.
Haggai 2:9|The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the Lord of hosts.
Zechariah 4:6|Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts.
Malachi 3:10|Prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven.
Matthew 11:28|Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 28:19|Go ye therefore, and teach all nations.
Mark 10:27|With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.
Luke 1:37|For with God nothing shall be impossible.
John 3:16|For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
Acts 16:31|Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved.
Romans 8:28|And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God.
1 Corinthians 13:13|And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
Philippians 4:13|I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
2 Timothy 1:7|For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
Revelation 21:4|And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes.
